Update index.md (#1312)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/index.md

We are helping the community work together towards the goal of advancing Machine Learning 🔥.

> The Hugging Face Hub is a platform with over 350k models, 75k datasets, and 150k demo apps (Spaces) in which people can easily collaborate in their ML workflows. The Hub works as a central place where anyone can share, explore, discover, and experiment with open-source Machine Learning.

Reviewer: It's growing fast! 

```suggestion
The Hugging Face Hub is a platform with over 700k models, 150k datasets, and 200k demo apps (Spaces) in which people can easily collaborate in their ML workflows. The Hub works as a central place where anyone can share, explore, discover, and experiment with open-source Machine Learning.
```
